README.md, before:

# fnncr

A personal finances and budgeting application.

## Setting up development environment and IDE

`fnncr`'s development environment was build using `Visual Studio Code`'s
`devcontainer` feature to create a portable and standardized development
environment. So you are required to install the following programs:

- Docker
- Visual Studio Code

Reopen the project in Container.

Open de Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` on Linux/Windows and `Cmd+Shift+P` on
Mac) and write `> Go: Install/Update Tools` and install all tools.

Now you can start all services.

## How to run development services and tooling

To start the application, run:

```shell
air
```

> For Hot-reloading the project uses cosmtrek's air tool. This tool is installed
> in the devcontainer's Dockerfile and is configured in the .air.toml file, so
> it's already configured.

To compile `templ` templates, run:

```shell
templ generate -watch
```

> For templating the project uses a-h's templ. The templates need to be compiled
> into Go code that's why you need to run this command. The project's .gitignore
> is already setup to ignore the files generated by templ. And the way air is
> setup it will hot-reload the application once templ generates the go files.
> This tool is installed in the devcontainer's Dockerfile and all Visual Studio
> Code tooling is configure already in the devcontainer.json file.

Commit message:

updating README.md to reflect new simplified development environment setup

README.md, after:

# fnncr

A personal finances and budgeting application.

## Setting up development environment and IDE

`fnncr`'s development environment was build using `Visual Studio Code`'s
`devcontainer` feature to create a portable and standardized development
environment. So you are required to install the following programs:

- Docker
- Visual Studio Code

Reopen the project in Container.

Open de Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` on Linux/Windows and `Cmd+Shift+P` on
Mac) and write `> Go: Install/Update Tools` and install all tools.

Now you can start all services.

## How to run development services and tooling

To start developing you just need to run in a terminal the following command:

```shell
air
```

For hot-reloading the project uses `cosmtrek`'s `air`. This tool is configured
in the `.air.toml` file. You don't need to modifying it any further, unless your
feature needs to modify it for it to work in the development environment.

For templating the project uses `a-h`'s `templ`. The templates need to be compiled
into Go code to be used in the application. The project's `.gitignore` is
already setup to ignore the files generated by `templ`. Also `air` is configured
to automatically run the `templ generate` command to generate the go files.

> - Both `air` and `templ` are installed in the `devcontainer` via its
> Dockerfile devcontainer.Dockerfile.
>
> - All Visual Studio Code tooling related to `templ` is configured inside
> `devcontainer.json`. If you add any further modifications to the settings
> related to `templ` please add them to `devcontainer.json` settings section, so
> all developers can work in the same environment.
