# financo

A personal finances and budgeting application.

## Setting up development environment and IDE

`financo`'s development environment was build using `Visual Studio Code`'s
`devcontainer` feature to create a portable and standardized development
environment. So you are required to install the following programs:

- Docker
- Visual Studio Code

Reopen the project in Container.

Open de Command Palette (`Ctrl+Shift+P` on Linux/Windows and `Cmd+Shift+P` on
Mac) and write `> Go: Install/Update Tools` and install all tools.

Now you can start all services.

## How to run development services and tooling

To start developing you just need to run in a terminal the following command:

```shell
air
```

For hot-reloading the project uses `cosmtrek`'s `air`. This tool is configured
in the `.air.toml` file. You don't need to modifying it any further, unless your
feature needs to modify it for it to work in the development environment.

For templating the project uses `a-h`'s `templ`. The templates need to be
compiled into Go code to be used in the application. The project's `.gitignore`
is already setup to ignore the files generated by `templ`. Also `air` is
configured to automatically run the `templ generate` command to generate the Go
files from the `templ` templates.

> - Both `air` and `templ` are installed in the `devcontainer` via its
> Dockerfile devcontainer.Dockerfile.
>
> - All Visual Studio Code tooling related to `templ` is configured inside
> `devcontainer.json`. If you add any further modifications to the settings
> related to `templ` please add them to `devcontainer.json` settings section, so
> all developers can work in the same environment.

> The GoTH stack. - NordGus
